Doc: update release documentation with the latest (#12525)
OpenTTD/OpenTTD: docs/releasing_openttd.md

1. Go to https://github.com/OpenTTD/website/new/main/_posts and write a new announcement post. See a [previous example](https://github.com/OpenTTD/website/pull/238) for a template.
2. Create a new branch for this post and open a PR for it.

> 3. Write announcement text for socials like tt-forums / Discord / Twitter / Reddit / Fosstodon / ..., and include it in the PR.

Reviewer: The logo on TT-Forums has capitalization that we can match. 🙂 

```suggestion
3. Write announcement text for the store pages and socials like TT-Forums / Discord / Twitter / Reddit / Fosstodon / etc., and include it in the PR.
```

4. Create a Steam news image for that post and include it in the PR.
5. Check the website post ("View Deployment" link) and make corrections. We usually just use the GitHub web interface for this and squash the result later.
6. Get this PR approved, but do not merge yet.

## Step 3: Make the actual OpenTTD release

1. Go to https://github.com/OpenTTD/OpenTTD/releases/new and create a new tag matching the release number. For the body of the release, copy in the changelog. "Set as a pre-release" for a beta or RC.
2. Wait for the OpenTTD release workflow to be complete.

> 3. Merge website PR.

Reviewer: Is it worth noting here that this will make the post live immediately? (And is that even true? I got so confused by my recent forays into accidentally publishing posts with the wrong date. 😛)

Author: Sure.

And yes. You just published a post in the future, instead of the same day. For that you only got yourself to blame :)

> 3. Merge website PR.

Author: ```suggestion
3. Merge the website PR. This will publish the release post.
```

4. If this is a full release:
   * for `Steam`: under Steamworks -> SteamPipe -> Builds, set the "testing" branch live on the "default" branch. This will request 2FA validation.
   * for `GOG`: under Builds, "Publish" the freshly uploaded builds to `Master`, `GOG-use only` and `Testing`.
   * for `Microsoft Store`: ask orudge to publish the new release.

Access to `Steam`, `GOG` and/or `Microsoft Store` requires a developer account on that platform.

> For how to create such an account, you need access to the shared keystore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will need access to the shared keystore in order to create such an account.
```

For help and/or access to either or both, please contact TrueBrain.

## Step 4: Tell the world

> 1. Make announcements on social media. You may need to coordinate with other developers who can make posts on tt-forums, Twitter, Reddit, Fosstodon, Discord, Steam, GOG, Microsoft Store, ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Make announcements on social media and store pages. You may need to coordinate with other developers who can make posts on TT-Forums, Twitter, Reddit, Fosstodon, Discord, Steam, GOG, Microsoft Store, etc.
```

Do we make announcements on GOG? 

I see that Microsoft Store has a `What's new in this version` section, which is slightly different than a news post and might need to be mentioned in Step 2.
